Prettifies README (#34)
canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap: README.md

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="magma-logo-purple.svg" width="500" ></a>
  <p align="center"><a href="https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway"><img src="https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway/badge.svg" alt="access gateway badge"/></p>
  <br/>
  Magma Access Gateway Snap
</h1>

> [![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-black.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/terraform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-black.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway)
```

Author: Oh, fixed.

> :warning: Installing this snap will affect your computer's networking configuration.
> Make sure it is installed on designated hardware (personal computers are strongly discouraged).

## System requirements

> ### Hardware (baremetal strongly recommended)

Reviewer: For some reason this doesn't render properly.

Author: I think it renders now, let me know if it works for you.
